[MRG] Use slim-buster as base image for binderhub and image-cleaner (#1158)
jupyterhub/binderhub: requirements.txt

# About pycurl:

> # - pycurl is strongly recommended for performance but not strictly required by
> #   BinderHub.

Author: This is hard to understand. The binderhub package authors (us) decided to make pycurl a required dependency by including it in the list of packages required in `setup.py`. So pycurl isn't optional for the user of binderhub.

The package authors could have decided to not make it a dependency. This is when it was optional. So I would rephrase it like this
```suggestion
# - pycurl is a dependency but not listed here, only in `setup.py`
```

> # - pycurl require both `curl-config` and `gcc` to be available when installing.

Author: ```suggestion
# - pycurl requires both `curl-config` and `gcc` to be available when installing
#   it from source.
```

> # - The binderhub package require pycurl, but it is a dependency augmented to
> #   this files listed dependencies from within setup.py so that it can be
> #   either omitted as in our ReadTheDocs build that does code inspection of the
> #   binderhub package, or be installed in a separate build step as in the
> #   BinderHub docker image.

Author: ```suggestion
# - the reason we do not list pycurl here is that it is not needed when our
#   code is imported to generate the documentation and it is tricky to install
#   in the ReadTheDocs build environment.
# - instead we manually add pycurl to the list of dependencies in setup.py
#   which is the list used when installing the binderhub package.
```
